# **Version Notes**

This file contains old notes that came together with previous versions of Alterdot which were included in the main README.md file of the repository.

**v1.9.2**: This version of Alterdot activates ChainLocks at height 1,078,000. This mechanism will protect our blockchain against significant 51% attacks. All blocks that are situated 6 blocks behind the active chain tip get signed upon by a Masternode Quorum (LLMQ_30_80) and get locked in place, no longer allowing for chain reorganizations before that block. This means that effectively all transactions with 8 or more confirmations can no longer be cancelled out by a 51% attack.

**v1.9.1**: This version contains several important changes for the BlockchainDNS, the format of the BDNS record used in the indexing system has been updated and two new commands have been added that improve the experience and usability of the BDNS. These commands are "listowneddomains" which returns the list of domains registered by the current wallet and "bdns" which can be used to check the state of the BDNS and also to trigger its reindexing in case there is a possible corruption. It is a mandatory update for BlockchainDNS users since it also fixes a previous issue regarding domains not being recorded correctly in the local database and that in turn could lead to invalid registrations and wasted coins.

**v1.9.0**: This is a major update for the Alterdot network as this version brings with it a new batch of upgrades from Dash, including the implementation of ChainLocks and LLMQ-based InstantSend which will be activated at a later point in time when our Masternode network has grown and matured to an acceptable level. Until then, these features will stay inactive, but the code is here and ready, do keep in mind that we do not use sporks so another voluntary upgrade across the network will be required at the time.

Even though our main focus is the development of the BlockchainDNS-IPFS ecosystem, features such as ChainLocks are very important for the security of our network as they can protect us from 51% attacks which can be a threat especially to small blockchain networks. This version ties together the latest effort we put into bringing our network to a safer codebase on which we can build powerful and innovative features for the decentralized web.

**v1.8.0.1**: This update contains two fixes for the initial version of Alterdot. The first one is for a Masternode status flag that could be triggered across the whole network due to some incorrect communication between the Alterdot daemon and the sentinel therefore this version comes together with a sentinel update (v1.4.2). This problem didn't actually hinder functionality but it made Masternodes look as if they weren't working properly. The second fix is a lot more important as it addresses an InstantSend problem. These payments were failing as they were not getting verified by the Masternode network. After a majority of Masternodes get upgraded to this version InstantSend will be working again.

**v1.7.3**: This version was the first part of a transition process that will result in upgrading our codebase to newer standards from Dash, this version by itself will be rejected by the network by block 1,040,000 (or earlier) so it is necessary to upgrade right away when the next version gets released. After block 1,034,000 all Bitcreds nodes running this version will switch to lite mode, disabling Masternodes, InstantSend, PrivateSend and allowing only the basic operations inherited from Bitcoin.